You awake from a nightmare of screams, fighting and fire. You dreamt that the
village you are staying in was being raided by someone. As you shake your head
to clear your mind, you realize it was no dream. You can see the flicker of fire
peaking through your window and faint smell of smoke. Looking up, you notice 
smoke filling the ceiling of your room. You jump fully awake, grab your COLOR 
cloak and your small coin pouch. You are greeted by a puff of smoke as you pull
open your door. The corridor beyond is filled with smoke, just a couple of feet
of clean air by the floor. Dropping to your hands and knees, you quickly glace
at the other doors, all of which are open. Seems everyone else has gotten out
and not cared to wake you. You are closer to the stairs heading down, but there
is an open window at the far end of the corridor...which way do you go?

Stairs Heading Down - Stairs
Crawling quickly to the top of the stairs you slide down one step at a time.
Finally being able to stand up you take in your surrounding of the inn. Tables
and chairs are pushed over, spilled beer and wine covering the floor and fire
spreading from the kitchen out towards the rest of the room. The front door to
the inn slams open and a blood stained young man rushes in. He is holding a
hammer and wearing a leather overall. Recognition flashes across his face and
he blurts out:
"Hey! You are NAME! You came by the smithy yesterday! My names Harper, my dad
is the smith here. The whole town is under attack and being raided. We are
trying to gather everyone at the mages tower. Make your way there!"

As Harper turns around to run out again, you stop him. Do you want to help
Harper search for survivors or tell him you need something to protect yourself
with.

Ask For Item - Weapon
"Do you have anything I can use to fight with if I get attacked on my way?"

Harper reaches inside his leather overall and produce a small, but sharp
looking knife. He flips it over and hands it to you hilt first.
"Good luck!" he says as he once more turns around and runs off down the street.

You tuck the knife into your belt, take a breath and step outside. Harper is 
no longer in sight, but you are able to make out the mage's tower, which rises
above the roofs and fires consuming the town. You make your way towards the 
tower running as fast as you dare.

Will you run down the center of the street, making faster progress or hold
closer to the burning buildings, hoping to not draw notice?

Keep Close To Buildings - Quietly
You hunch down and try to quietly run along side the burning buildings, the heat
of the fires warming you as you go. As you near a wider gap in the buildings,
you can hear mumbled voices. You slow down before coming to the corner and hear:

"Vi har det här området! Gå över till nästa gata och se om du kan fånga några
eftersläpande. Låt ingen annan ta sig till magikern's torn!"

Quietly - Swedish As Language
Lucky for you, your father made you learn Swedish growing up! You understand
exactly what they are saying.
"We got this area! Go over to the next street and see if you can catch any
stragglers. Let no one else make it to the mage's tower!"

You realize these men are the raiders and facing this group would be the end of
you. Will you go and try to talk to the raiders anyway or go around the house and 
then towards the mage's tower?

Quietly -Only English As Language
You have no idea what these men are talking about. Will you continue and try to
speak with them or go around the house and then towards the mage's tower?

Try To Speak With Men - Talk
You brazenly walk out into the open calling out the men. Before you even have a
chance to react, you find several crossbow bolts in you chest. You fall to your
knees and then fall face first into the dirt never to rise again. This is the 
end of your story NAME, would you like to try again?

Go Around - Avoid - English
You decide to go around the building blocking the view between them and you. You
continue to slowly and quietly make your way to the otherside of the building. 
You can see that the next road leads to the backside of the mage's tower. All you
have to do is cross the road. Looking back to where you heard the men, you see
two of them heading this way. They will see you if you try to cross but you 
cannot stay here either. Do you want sprint across the road, hoping to find a
hiding spot on the other side or act like you are one of them?

Go Around - Avoid - Swedish
You decide to go around the building blocking the view between them and you. You
make a haste since you know some of them will be heading in this direction and
arrive on the otherside of the building well before the raiders start coming. 
It is easy enough to just jog across the street and make it into the shadow of
buildings on the other side. You can see the road curving all the way to the back
side of the mage's tower.

Sprint Across - Sprint
You breath in deep, count to three, and dash out into the open and across the
street. You can here a shout of surpirse and a axe misses your head narrowly.
You keep running and then jump into an alleyway and hide under some potatoe sacks
that you find there. You pull your COLOR cloak tight around you and cover your
head. You can hear the men run by you, their footsteps fading away into the 
darkness. After a minute of no sounds, you come out of your hiding spot and start
down the road. You can see the road curving all the way to the back side of the
mage's tower.

Act like them - Act
You think you are pretty good actor, so you wrap your COLOR cloak around your
face like you are protecting yourself from smoke, and stumble out. You cough a
few times and wave your hand towards a building behind you. One of the men veers
off toward the direction of your waving, but the other one is heading straight
to you. You clutch your knife tightly as the man reaches you. Thrusting
forward with the knife, you manage to stab him in the gut. He screams out in
pain but manages to grab ahold of your arm. You struggle with him for a few
seconds and then you feel a sharp pain in your back. Your struggle ends as your
assailant is now able to overpower you. This is the end of your story NAME, would
you like to try again?

Back Door Mages Tower 
Keeping your eyes and ears open for any sound of raiders, you make your way to 
the back side of the mage's tower. Built of large dark grey stones it rises up 
into the sky, higher than any building you have seen before. Leading up from 
stone stairs is a door made of black iron. Each corner is painted with a golden
star and in the center of the door a golden full moon. To the left side of the
door, you notice something odd. A 3 by 3 block of glass sphere built into the
wall. As you inspect it more, you realize you can push these in. When you do,
the glass sphere glows a warm yellow, along with the ones adjacent to it.

Run Down Street - Run
You make a mad dash, straight down the middle of the street thinking you can 
outrun whatever maybe out here. You run so fast, that you don't have time to 
stop or turn as your run straight into a group of 6 raiders. They cut you down
with ease ending your life. This is the end of your story NAME, would
you like to try again?

Help Harper - Help
You run after him and shout 
"Wait Harper, I'm coming with you! We'll have a better chance if we stick 
together!"
You and Harper run away from the tower and check a few more buildings. Together 
you are able to find 2 more survivors and then turn around heading toward the
mage's tower. As your group crosses a road, you hear a shout and about 6 raiders,
armed with crossbows and axes, charge your way. 
"Run for the tower!" shouts Harper as he takes off.

You and the other 2 survivors all start to run. As Harper is about to reach the 
buildings on the other side, a crossbow bolt hits him in the back and he 
collapses to the ground. One of the survivors running beside you is hit with a
flying axe and falls dead. You and the last survivor make it behind the building 
and keep running. You notice a small alleyway and jump into it to hide. He
continues to run and the raiders give chase, missing that you had jumped into the
alleyway to hide. After a short while of no signs of the raider, you come out of
your hiding spot and start down the road. You can see the road curving all the
way to the back side of the mage's tower.

Go Out Of Window - Window
You crawl your way to the open window and jump out not understanding that you
were on the second floor. You fall down to the ground breaking your ankle, but 
holding in your scream of pain. As you stand up and limp away holding onto the 
side of the building, you wander aimlessly. You are not sure where to go and
or what is happening. You see a group of men standing in the street and you 
call out to them. Before you even have a chance to react, you find several
crossbow bolts in you chest. You fall to your knees and then fall face first
into the dirt never to rise again. 

This is the end of your story NAME, would you like to try again?